Version 5.2:
All commands have been improved.
Improved reminders, now they are deleted immediately after being used during a couple.
The /tommorow command has been improved, when requesting pairs for tomorrow on Friday, the bot writes that there are no pairs tomorrow, but they will be on Monday.
Added flashers in the form of additional pairs that are subject to editing.
Multi-line reminders and couple links.

Version 5.1:
Added /FAQ command and removed /help command, now all frequently asked questions are collected there.
Added the ability to remove an admin.
Added /monitoring command to view the original schedule.

Version 5.0:
Completely rewritten code and redesigned commands.
All the data that the bot needs is stored in an excel table, it can use and edit it.
When a user sends a message with text similar to "Where is the link" - the bot sends a link to a couple,
if the question is not asked during the couple, then the bot writes that it’s a change now, if it’s a day off, then it will write that it’s not now
time to look for links.
Now you can send a link to the group with the /write command.
The /distribution command has been removed, now the distribution is activated from the receipt of text messages in the bot.
More stickers. The bot now has 120 stickers distributed by type and available for download to everyone.
The syntax has been changed and now the buttons and other text from the bot are easier to perceive.

Version 4.0:
Added the /write command to write to the group on behalf of the bot.
Added /today and /tomorrow commands to view the schedule for today and tomorrow.
Removed /ban command.
Added /cancel command to cancel an action.
Added /help command to explain some commands.
Rewritten and optimized code, improved work with files.

Version 3.2:
Added /ban command (Bot does not respond to messages from banned users).
The editing of the schedule has been changed again, the choice of the day is also carried out by buttons,
You can see which couples are currently on the schedule.

Version 3.0:
Posting added.
Now, at startup, the bot records people who need to send links and sends them out in time
(the user chooses to Do or Not to do the mailing).
Editing has been changed, now the choice of a pair for which to replace is also carried out by buttons,
introduced indexing for the names of pairs and their links.
The mechanics of adding admins has been developed, reminders have been introduced, but working with them is quite problematic.

Version 2.0:
Added schedule editing command.
Now you can edit the schedule through the bot, but editing is extremely inconvenient,
after all, you need to manually write the names of objects and send the days of the week by numbers,
the link must be changed separately at each mention of the subject in the schedule.

Version 1.0:
A bot has been created that can display the schedule and links.
The schedule and links are stored in a text document (in a notepad) and edited through it.